[EISEN]
Frieren.
c0000001
You must go to Aureole
and speak with Himmel.
c0000002
[FLAMME, FRIEREN]
"On the very northernmost
c0000003
end of the continent
c0000004
I arrived at the place
c0000005
the people
of this world call Heaven."
c0000006
[FLAMME]
"I now know it as Aureole,
c0000007
the land where souls rest."
c0000008
"Many spirits
have gathered there.
c0000009
I spoke with friends
whom I once fought alongside."
c0000010
[birds chirping]
c0000011
[EISEN]
Forgive me.
c0000012
You have a long journey ahead.
c0000013
It took the four of us
ten years.
c0000014
[gasps]
c0000015
I see.
c0000016
So, we'll be following
the same route you took
c0000017
to the Demon King's castle
on your first journey.
c0000018
[inhales]
c0000019
That we will.
c0000020
Another brief,
ten-year adventure.
c0000021
♪
c0000022
One one-hundredth, eh?
c0000023
Huh?
c0000024
[HIMMEL] Frieren. You won't be
staying in the royal capital?
c0000025
[FRIEREN]
I'm going to keep traveling.
c0000026
[HIMMEL]
All by yourself?
c0000027
[FREIREN]
It's easier that way.
c0000028
[EISEN] You're not going to
take on an apprentice?
c0000029
A journey is better
with someone to talk to.
c0000030
I fear it would be
a waste of time.
c0000031
No matter
how much I teach them,
c0000032
they'll surely die.
c0000033
[Heiter and Himmel smiling]
c0000034
[EISEN]
How cheery.
c0000035
That's not
how relationships work.
c0000036
That's how they work for me.
c0000037
Just consider our adventure.
c0000038
It's taken up less than one
one-hundredth of my life.
c0000039
Sounds like me, I suppose.
c0000040
[chuckles]
It's funny, don't you think?
c0000041
What is?
c0000042
How much
that one one-hundredth
c0000043
has changed you.
c0000044
[EISEN]
Goodbye for now.
c0000045
Hmm. For now.
c0000046
♪
c0000047
In comparison, for me,
our journey's been one half.
c0000048
[FRIEREN]
Hmm?
c0000049
I've spent one half of my life
with you.
c0000050
[smiling]
c0000051
[FRIEREN] It's going to be
much more than that
c0000052
from here on.
c0000053
[HEITER] Take these words
to heart, Fern.
c0000054
Before long,
Frieren will be the one
c0000055
in charge of you.
c0000056
Listen to her
and be a good girl.
c0000057
If you don't...
c0000058
If I don't, what?
c0000059
I'll come back as a ghost
and haunt you.
c0000060
[laughs]
c0000061
So just to make certain,
c0000062
you're saying
that if I'm a bad girl,
c0000063
you'll pay me a visit
after you're gone?
c0000064
Huh?
c0000065
[smiles]
c0000066
You've grown into quite the sly
young lady.
c0000067
Wherever did you pick that up?
c0000068
I take it back.
c0000069
If you're
on your best behavior,
c0000070
then I might be willing
to stop by
c0000071
and say hello
every now and again.
c0000072
We should be arriving
at the village soon.
c0000073
Hmm?
c0000074
That was fast.
c0000075
What's that?
c0000076
Nothing very important.
c0000077
[wheels rattling]
c0000078
♪
c0000079
[FEMALE SHOPKEEPER 5A]
Greetings, adventurers.
c0000080
Heading to the mountain pass?
c0000081
I wouldn't if I were you.
c0000082
Several people have gone
missing there recently.
c0000083
Killed by monsters?
c0000084
They were taken by ghosts,
according to all of the rumors.
c0000085
Folks have seen them
with their own eyes.
c0000086
Could be the undead.
c0000087
Do you know
what these ghosts look like?
c0000088
I've been too scared to ask.
c0000089
But if you're that curious,
c0000090
there are plenty
who could tell you.
c0000091
♪
c0000092
[FERN]
Here's what we've learned.
c0000093
The ghosts take on the form
c0000094
of the beholder's
dead family member or friend.
c0000095
They look just as they did
in life.
c0000096
A couple of witnesses
even claim
c0000097
that the ghosts spoke to them.
c0000098
We can conclude this isn't
the work of the undead.
c0000099
[FERN]
How are you so sure?
c0000100
-[MALE TOWNSPERSON 5A] I did.
-[TOWNSPERSON 5B] No chance.
c0000101
[FRIEREN]
The undead are merely corpses
c0000102
being controlled by magic.
c0000103
Things like zombies
and skeletons.
c0000104
But our specters are reported
to appear as they did in life.
c0000105
A reanimated corpse
couldn't do that.
c0000106
All that to say we're dealing
c0000107
with another type of monster
entirely.
c0000108
Seems you know
what monster that might be.
c0000109
Yes, a nasty one.
c0000110
We'd best be careful
to avoid it.
c0000111
We'll take our leave
first thing in the morning.
c0000112
But Mistress Frieren,
c0000113
it's clear the villagers
need our help.
c0000114
You're starting to sound just
like Himmel and the others.
c0000115
The biggest difference
between you and me
c0000116
is that I am a good girl.
c0000117
All right.
c0000118
If you want to help them,
we shall.
c0000119
We'll be traveling through
the mountain pass either way.
c0000120
[water burbling]
c0000121
The missing villagers
didn't vanish into thin air.
c0000122
Plenty of clues.
c0000123
A generous monster.
c0000124
There are signs of magic usage
all around us.
c0000125
Yes, indeed.
c0000126
Can you tell what type it was?
c0000127
Illusion magic.
c0000128
[FERN]
In my book on magical ecology,
c0000129
there's this creature.
c0000130
It uses lifelike illusions
to lure in its prey.
c0000131
The Einsam.
c0000132
Huh!
c0000133
It preys exclusively
upon people,
c0000134
using craftiness
rather than strength
c0000135
to lure in
its unsuspecting meals.
c0000136
It tricks its victims
with phantoms of the dead.
c0000137
[FERN]
And they really fall for that?
c0000138
[FRIEREN] Who wouldn't want
a final moment
c0000139
with their dearly departed?
c0000140
Thankfully for the two of us,
c0000141
the Einsam's illusions
aren't a threat to mages
c0000142
who know to look
beyond their tricks.
c0000143
They're easily dispersed
by high-density mana.
c0000144
Basic offensive magic
should do.
c0000145
So, all I have to do
is shoot through the phantoms.
c0000146
Could you?
c0000147
Yes, of course.
c0000148
Especially now
that I know they're fake.
c0000149
I once had to shoot
an illusion of my master
c0000150
begging for her life.
c0000151
Though, to be fair,
her begging not to die
c0000152
was a regular occurrence.
c0000153
So, I can't say that
I felt particularly guilty.
c0000154
Regardless,
it certainly isn't fun.
c0000155
[FERN]
Why? Were you accustomed
c0000156
to hearing her
beg for her life?
c0000157
The mist is growing thicker.
c0000158
We're not far.
c0000159
♪
c0000160
If you see a specter,
don't hesitate to shoot.
c0000161
[HEITER]
Fern.
c0000162
[Fern gasps]
c0000163
Huh?
c0000164
[FERN]
There it is.
c0000165
A phantom of the dead.
c0000166
No problem.
c0000167
Just shoot.
c0000168
[smiling]
c0000169
Look at that mage.
c0000170
You've surpassed
my wildest dreams, my dear.
c0000171
Huh?
c0000172
I decided to come back
and say hello.
c0000173
A girl as good as you are
deserves a friendly haunting.
c0000174
[gasps]
Huh?
c0000175
-[FERN] It knows.
-The path of the mage called,
c0000176
and you wisely followed.
c0000177
Since you were a child,
c0000178
your love for magic
has been clear.
c0000179
[FERN]
My cherished memories.
c0000180
-The first time I saw...
-[FERN] It knows all of them,
c0000181
and it's using them against me.
c0000182
How cruel.
c0000183
Need help?
c0000184
Seems you might.
c0000185
Ah?
c0000186
I didn't expect to see Himmel.
c0000187
I was sure it would show me
my master,
c0000188
like the last one
I defeated did.
c0000189
Perhaps this means I've changed
since I last encountered one.
c0000190
Frieren, shoot.
c0000191
Impressive.
c0000192
That's just what he'd say.
c0000193
[explosion]
c0000194
[gasps]
c0000195
Hmm.
c0000196
♪
c0000197
And now the mountain pass
is safe once more.
c0000198
That thing I just saw.
c0000199
That was only
a phantom of Master Heiter.
c0000200
A shadow.
c0000201
[FRIEREN]
Correct.
c0000202
It's high time
we go see the real thing.
c0000203
If there's anywhere
we might find him,
c0000204
it would be Aureole.
c0000205
[smiles]
c0000206
[FERN]
You're right.
c0000207
♪
c0000208
That's a dragon?
c0000209
I've never seen one
in real life.
c0000210
[FRIEREN]
Look at its nest.
c0000211
Do you see that grimoire?
c0000212
I've been after that one
for a long time.
c0000213
[FERN]
That doesn't surprise me.
c0000214
Why's it there, of all places?
c0000215
Dragons are known
to seek out objects
c0000216
infused with magic
to build their nests.
c0000217
That's a solar dragon.
c0000218
No doubt it has dined
on many an adventurer.
c0000219
Grimoire or otherwise,
we should eliminate the beast.
c0000220
Be careful not to destroy
the nest.
c0000221
Right.
c0000222
So, uh,
that didn't do anything.
c0000223
They are
very resilient creatures.
c0000224
No choice, then. Run.
c0000225
[growling]
c0000226
[gasps]
c0000227
[explosion]
c0000228
[panting]
c0000229
c0000230
Finally lost it.
c0000231
This one's a fast flyer.
c0000232
No aerial battle for us.
c0000233
I thought...
c0000234
I thought I was gonna die
right there.
c0000235
Let's head back that way.
c0000236
If we continue to wear it down,
c0000237
the brute will eventually
give in.
c0000238
Mm.
c0000239
Good point.
c0000240
Playing tag with dragons
c0000241
is not within
a mage's job description.
c0000242
Huh?
c0000243
We'll have to take on
another companion.
c0000244
A front-liner?
c0000245
[EISEN] Yes. You're
searching for one, aren't you?
c0000246
In a village
near Riegel Canyon,
c0000247
you'll find a warrior
named Stark.
c0000248
Pick him up on your way
into the northern lands.
c0000249
He's my apprentice.
c0000250
Right.
c0000251
Is he any good?
c0000252
Hmm.
c0000253
[MALE MERCHANT 5A]
I'll make you a deal!
c0000254
[MALE CUSTOMER 5A]
How much for the whole block?
c0000255
Hard to think
there's a dragon near.
c0000256
It's so peaceful.
c0000257
'Tis indeed.
c0000258
[FREN]
I've been meaning to ask,
c0000259
what sort of spell does
that grimoire contain, anyway?
c0000260
One that lets you
see through clothes.
c0000261
Hmm?
c0000262
You really do gather
c0000263
only the strangest of spells,
Mistress Frieren.
c0000264
That is my hobby.
c0000265
But this one is practical, too.
c0000266
Depending on what
the user views as clothing,
c0000267
it could reveal
hidden weaponry, or--
c0000268
[WOMAN 4A]
Travelers,
c0000269
may I have a moment
of your time?
c0000270
[BOTH]
Hmm?
c0000271
Mister Stark would like
to meet the two of you.
c0000272
That saves us
a fair bit of trouble.
c0000273
It was three years back now.
c0000274
The dragon attacked,
c0000275
nearly destroying the village.
c0000276
[whimpering]
c0000277
Hmm.
[gasps]
c0000278
[WOMAN 4A]
That's when he appeared,
c0000279
the brave Mister Stark.
c0000280
The dragon was fierce,
c0000281
but our brave hero
didn't break.
c0000282
After a long standoff,
the monster flew away!
c0000283
It was a sight to behold.
Since that day...
c0000284
-he has lived alongside us
in the village,
c0000285
and that dragon
has been too scared
c0000286
to rear its ugly head
ever again.
c0000287
Three whole years of peace.
c0000288
Hmm.
c0000289
Perfect. He sounds like
just the person we need.
c0000290
The dragon's done for.
c0000291
I hope you're right.
c0000292
[BOY 4A] Do you think I can be
a strong warrior like you?
c0000293
[STARK]
Sure, you can.
c0000294
But being a warrior's rougher
than it looks.
c0000295
[smiles]
c0000296
Huh?
It's Grandma!
c0000297
[both smiling]
c0000298
[smiles]
c0000299
So, you're the ones who've been
messing with the dragon.
c0000300
Don't get that thing
too worked up.
c0000301
You'll put the whole village
in danger.
c0000302
Dragons are serious.
c0000303
They're not the fairy tale
creatures you think they are.
c0000304
One of them gave me this scar.
c0000305
I was fighting a shadow dragon,
and it--
c0000306
That's child's play
as far as injuries go.
c0000307
My master put you up to this,
didn't he?
c0000308
Who are you?
c0000309
I am known as Freiren the Mage.
c0000310
Hmm.
c0000311
[STARK] Hey, Gran,
mind giving us some privacy?
c0000312
It's all right.
c0000313
They're acquaintances
of my master.
c0000314
♪
c0000315
[STARK]
Don't hold back.
c0000316
He must be furious.
c0000317
I left without so much
as a word.
c0000318
[FRIEREN]
Stark.
c0000319
You have no reason
to remain in this village.
c0000320
Why haven't you defeated
the dragon?
c0000321
Tell me what you want
and maybe
c0000322
I'll think about sharing.
c0000323
If you're here to send me
back to my master,
c0000324
you can forget about it.
c0000325
We're in need of a warrior
c0000326
and would like for you
to join us.
c0000327
Though before that,
we would appreciate your help
c0000328
in defeating the dragon.
c0000329
I want the grimoire
in its nest.
c0000330
Why's that?
c0000331
It's a hobby.
No particular reason.
c0000332
We're dealing
with a solar dragon.
c0000333
You don't fight it
without a good reason.
c0000334
Hmm.
c0000335
-[BOTH] Aah!
-Ah!
c0000336
[laughs]
That's amazing!
c0000337
-Aah!
-Woo!
c0000338
[FRIEREN]
You're right.
c0000339
Mine is that a fool
once praised me
c0000340
for the spells I collected.
c0000341
Is that enough of a reason?
c0000342
[STARK]
For a little praise?
c0000343
Aah.
c0000344
Hmm.
c0000345
That's ridiculous.
c0000346
Agreed.
c0000347
[STARK] I don't mind
joining your party.
c0000348
Huh?
c0000349
I can tell my master
put you up to this.
c0000350
But no matter.
c0000351
My priority is taking out
the solar dragon.
c0000352
I've had difficulties
defeating it on my own.
c0000353
For you,
it'd be no issue, right?
c0000354
No, not at all,
if you can keep the beast
c0000355
busy for 30 seconds.
c0000356
Loud and clear.
c0000357
Just 30 seconds, huh?
c0000358
And that really has to be
my job?
c0000359
Is there some kind of joke
that I'm missing here?
c0000360
I can't say
that I'm very surprised.
c0000361
Tell me, Stark.
c0000362
Just how many monsters
have you fought?
c0000363
A big, fat zero, okay?!
c0000364
Don't abandon me, Frieren.
I need your help!
c0000365
[STARK] I worked up the guts
to confront the dragon.
c0000366
But I was so terrified,
I couldn't move a muscle!
c0000367
I mean, come on.
c0000368
That thing slices through
houses like they're veggies!
c0000369
A human being doesn't stand
a chance against it!
c0000370
I figured that it spared me
on a whim, but...
c0000371
[cheering]
c0000372
The dragon stopped attacking
the village after that,
c0000373
and I was treated like a hero.
c0000374
The villagers are too nice
for their own good!
c0000375
A strong young man like you
should eat up!
c0000376
Stark! After supper,
c0000377
you gotta show me
all your latest moves!
c0000378
There's no way
that I could leave this place
c0000379
even if I wanted to.
c0000380
This one's no good.
c0000381
We should get going
and find someone serious.
c0000382
Please don't leave me here
to rot!
c0000383
No. He can hold off the dragon.
c0000384
I'm certain of it.
c0000385
Fine, but it'll take more than
a pat on the back.
c0000386
Huh?
c0000387
c0000388
Well, Stark.
c0000389
You have till tomorrow morning.
c0000390
Think it all through.
c0000391
You know as well as I do
you can't keep the hero act up.
c0000392
♪
c0000393
Hmm?
c0000394
[MALE VILLAGER 5A]
I heard you met Mister Stark!
c0000395
A fine young man, isn't he?
c0000396
He's just lovely.
c0000397
When we cook for him,
it seems
c0000398
his stomach is almost
as big as his smile!
c0000399
Everyone really seems
to love that guy.
c0000400
I'm sure that they do.
c0000401
He struck me
as a kind sort of person.
c0000402
Maybe so.
c0000403
I was distracted
by his immense cowardice.
c0000404
[FRIEREN] The lad is
a little yellow-bellied,
c0000405
but let's think back
to your first time
c0000406
going up against a monster.
c0000407
[grins]
c0000408
[FRIEREN] Never mind.
Let's think forward.
c0000409
[FRIEREN]
You were cute once.
c0000410
Not only are you
taller than me now,
c0000411
but scarier, too.
c0000412
What I want to know
c0000413
is why the dragon
hasn't been attacking.
c0000414
Who can say?
c0000415
It might be
bored of this place.
c0000416
Or perhaps...
c0000417
[explosion]
c0000418
What was that sound?
c0000419
[FRIEREN]
Stark, I imagine.
c0000420
Huh?
c0000421
[FRIEREN] If you're curious,
you should go check on him.
c0000422
I'm going to bed.
c0000423
[explosion]
c0000424
[FRIEREN]
Right. Is he any good?
c0000425
[EISEN] When his village
was attacked by monsters,
c0000426
he fled and never looked back.
c0000427
He's a coward
who left his home to burn.
c0000428
He's like me.
c0000429
That's why
I hammered everything
c0000430
I know into the boy.
c0000431
Now, he's finally ready
to fight for someone
c0000432
other than himself.
c0000433
You've sold me.
c0000434
He is any good.
c0000435
[grunts]
c0000436
Aah!
c0000437
[FERN] I see now. Your training
is what made this fissure.
c0000438
[MAN 5A]
The passage of time is cruel.
c0000439
[MALE GUARD 5A] Do not
cause any trouble in this town.
c0000440
[STARK]
He must've been disappointed.
c0000441
[FRIEREN] Even the way
they tremble is the same.
c0000442
[STARK] I'm Stark,
the hero of this village.